[MUSIC]
>> Brian: So let's talk about chunking.
This is one of the more advanced
features of Webpack, but
I find it really compelling so
I wanted to talk about it.
And it's, I would say, one of
the lesser known features of Webpack.
So we have this big problem right now.
I think it's a pretty big problem
that if we go in here, and
we were looking at this earlier,
that how big is our bundle?
Our bundle is absolutely ginormous, right?
Well it's falling out of cache, right?
But if we look here, our bundle is 945 kB.
And what's really dumb about this is that
we have our details page, and we have our
landing page, and we have all these pages
that we're loading all the JavaScript for.
But we're not actually using them
until we actually land on those pages.
And so if you have a giant app, right, and
you have 50 pages, it sucks that your
users have to download the JavaScript for
all 50 pages, when in reality,
they actually only need the one page.
Not only that,
if you have a bunch of modules, right, it
would be great if you could only download
the correct modules for the correct pages.
So Webpack actually has this
magically built into it,
because it builds a dependency graph
of all of your different dependencies.
And if you say, hey Webpack,
I only want this page,
it's smart enough to say, okay,
this page only has these things, and
it only shares these modules with
these different other modules.
So it's smart to be able
to section off as okay, for
example, we use axios on details but
nowhere else, it says okay,
I will only load axios when I'm
on details but nowhere else.
So that's what Webpack chunking is and
I swear it's absolutely magical.
It's going to just blow your mind.
Okay, so first we need to tell
Webpack yes, we wannna do chunking.
So let's go to webpackconfig real quick.
>> Brian: Inside the output config object.
So we need to tell,
>> Brian: Webpack
where to put all the chunks.
And we're gonna say publicPath here,
:/public/.
So you need both of those.
So this is actually telling axios where
am I serving my static files from
on my server.
Webpack has to know that because it has to
know where to ask for those bundles, okay?
And now we're gonna change chunks from
false to true, because we actually do
wanna see that data now.
>> Brian: Okay, so that's it.
Webpack is, after that,
smart enough to know what to do.
I do have a mistake here that
you'd offer in my dependencies.
So just do an npm install
--save node-ensure.
>> Brian: Okay, pretty sure that's
the line I needed.
>> Brian: Yes,
that's exactly the one I needed.